---

layout: post

label: "cognitive"

title: "Cognitive: About Sense 8"

published: false
---

I finished Sense 8 on Netflix this Monday. It is very open minded, but the flow is very slow, even though the scene setting is great.

The reason why I found it open minded is that: we need to prepare for the impossible. We need to believe in miracle and things might happen. Maybe humans can be connected, just like how machine can connect to each other. Last semester, when we talk about bayesian in neuroscience class, we know that prior is important. You can only feel something unless you are prepared for it. Maybe, just maybe we can develop some belief to something that is not possible, we can feel more things.

Why people does not connect with each other, or it seems that way now, is probably because we need to compete or even kill each other in the early stage. So, so, if there is not competence and survival need, can we be connected?

Oh one last thing. There is a transexual character called Nomi in the show. She was called Michael because she used to be a boy and she did a transexual surgery. So she is a girl now. But her sexual orientation is still for female, which makes her a lesbian. It’s kind of an irony. But interestingly, it shows how T is different then other members in LGBT group, LGB is here because they have a different sexual orientation than the majority but T is here only because they feel different about their own sex. So why are they grouped together? Sexual orientation and gender identity is really a different thing.
